Propose adding a note for o365 group (#560)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Enterprise: Enterprise/add-a-sharepoint-geo-admin.md

Global administrators and SharePoint Online administrators continue to have access to settings in the central location and all satellite locations.

> >[!Note]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!Note]
```

> > Geo Admins cannot manage Office 365 group-connected SharePoint sites but can add themselves as Site Collection Admins to an Office 365 group-connected SharePoint sites using [Set-SPOUser](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/sharepoint-online/set-spouser?view=sharepoint-ps) PowerShell cmdlet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Geo Admins cannot manage Office 365 group-connected SharePoint sites but can add themselves as Site Collection Admins to Office 365 group-connected SharePoint sites using the [Set-SPOUser](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/sharepoint-online/set-spouser?view=sharepoint-ps) PowerShell cmdlet.
```

> > Geo Admins cannot manage Office 365 group-connected SharePoint sites but can add themselves as Site Collection Admins to an Office 365 group-connected SharePoint sites using [Set-SPOUser](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/sharepoint-online/set-spouser?view=sharepoint-ps) PowerShell cmdlet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Geo admins can't manage Office 365 group-connected SharePoint sites but can add themselves as site collection administrators using the PowerShell cmdlet [Set-SPOUser](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/sharepoint-online/set-spouser?view=sharepoint-ps) .
```

> >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

[Remove-SPOGeoAdministrator](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/sharepoint-online/remove-spogeoadministrator)

> [Set an alias (MailNickName) for a security group](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azuread/set-azureadgroup)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Set an alias (MailNickName) for a security group](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/azuread/set-azureadgroup)
```
